docs: Promptfoo evaluation instructions (#311)
navapbc/labs-decision-support-tool: docs/promptfoo-evaluations.md

1. Share **edit access** to the sheet with `navalabs-promptfoo@navalabs-promptfoo.iam.gserviceaccount.com`.
1. Copy the URL of the Google Sheet you've created, e.g., `https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xpOBO7FnRgmgILYwn0gj_LGqqdpi-E5cfQxdgscw21s/edit?gid=0#gid=0`
1. Go to the [Prompt Evaluation GitHub action](https://github.com/navapbc/labs-decision-support-tool/actions/workflows/promptfoo-googlesheet-evaluation.yml).
1. Click "Run workflow":
![Run workflow button in GitHub Actions](promptfoo-evaluations-run-workflow.png)
1. Paste in the Google Sheet URL into both the  `Google Sheet URL for test case inputs` and `Google Sheet URL for evaluation outputs` fields.
    - Leave `Use workflow from` and `Chatbot API endpoint URL` set to their defaults. Additional detail about these is below in Advanced Usage.

>     - Note that if there is a non-zero `gid` at the end of the URL for your `Google Sheet URL for evaluation outputs`, that tab within your Google Sheet will be **overwritten**. You can prevent this by editing it out of the URL, e.g., converting `https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xpOBO7FnRgmgILYwn0gj_LGqqdpi-E5cfQxdgscw21s/edit?gid=1234#gid=12345` to `https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xpOBO7FnRgmgILYwn0gj_LGqqdpi-E5cfQxdgscw21s/edit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If there is a non-zero `gid` at the end of the URL for your `Google Sheet URL for evaluation outputs`, that tab within your Google Sheet will be **overwritten**. To prevent this, edit it out of the URL, e.g., converting `https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xpOBO7FnRgmgILYwn0gj_LGqqdpi-E5cfQxdgscw21s/edit?gid=1234#gid=12345` to `https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xpOBO7FnRgmgILYwn0gj_LGqqdpi-E5cfQxdgscw21s/edit`.
```

> 1. Click `Run workflow`. The page will not refresh immediately. If you refresh, you should see your workflow in the list with a yellow icon indicating that it's running: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click `Run workflow`. The page will refresh in a few seconds or you can refresh manually. Once refreshed, you should see your workflow in the list with a yellow icon indicating that it's running: 
```

![Example list of running workflows](promptfoo-evaluation-running-workflows.png)

> 1. After about three to five minutes, the workflow should finish running (the icon will change to a green checkmark.) The results of your evaluation will be in the Google Sheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After about three to five minutes, the workflow should finish running (indicated by a green checkmark icon). The results of your evaluation will be in the Google Sheet.
```
